we launched visual contact with okay now
I really have to go it's so unfair that
our date has to get cut short just cuz
some guy shot at a store clerk I know
but it's my job sweetheart okay but
maybe I could come to you alright you go
come on okay bye
Oh God
what oh I just miss him so much
oh we're just a wiki guys are really
close huh yeah it's weird I can't help
but though he's so sweet he's like this
this little puppy dog you know but like
a really tough one who shoots bad guys
oh I just love the beginning parts of
relationships you know you just like
can't keep your hands off each other I
know it is the best good so so how long
did that last for you and Chandler what
it's still going on come on seriously
when did it end I am serious I mean
we're we're all over each other all the
time okay well you know where you are
better than I do
I was just curious I which is calm down
Phoebe all right now would you just get
all your facts before you run around
telling everybody that you know you're
the only hot couple
god I woke the Beast I was wrong
obviously I just I misspoke it's okay
hey it is okay when a as long as you
know that Chandler and I are also very
hot and fiery I mean just as hot as you
I'm a our flame whoo he's on fire hey
Monica here's your broom back you are so
cute
[Music]
okay so what do you say maybe yeah
sometime I hold your gun I don't know me
we're really not supposed to do that
what could happen I mean would you yeah
I would say no do you want to go to a
movie after dinner - oh we can't we
already have plans okay what are you
doing um the same thing we did all day
just hang out at Gary's apartment he is
so amazing we never left the bedroom but
have fun at the movie Oh
oh we're not seeing a movie you're not
then why did you ask us if we wanted to
go oh um that's because I just you know
wanted to know what you guys are doing
so you know you wouldn't walk in on me
and Chandler while we were you know
doing it all night hey excuse me for
just a second you okay Taylor can I see
you first thing
oh yeah
we have got to beat them what cus Gary
and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple
than we are so so so we've got to go
upstairs and have a lot of sex and prove
them wrong I've got to stop this
competitive thing okay it's crazy I mean
just to impress Gary and Phoebe you want
me to go upstairs and have sex with you
over and over and over and I'm saying no
to this why get your coat that was
amazing
Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about
this at dinner that was amazing we are
the hottest huh no one is hotter than we
are we're the best
no you're the best ah now you're the
best no you're the best
I am the best
hey guys what you've been doing